plugins: specify plugin types for get_option (#74799)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_plugins.rst

        type: boolean/float/integer/list/none/path/pathlist/pathspec/string/tmppath
        version_added: X.x

> To access the configuration settings in your plugin, use ``self.get_option(<option_name>)``. For the plugin types (like 'become', 'cache', 'callback', 'cliconf', 'connection', 'httpapi', 'inventory', 'lookup', 'netconf', 'shell', and 'vars') that support embedded documentation, the controller pre-populates the settings. If you need to populate settings explicitly, use a ``self.set_options()`` call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the configuration settings in your plugin, use ``self.get_option(<option_name>)``. For the plugin types (such as 'become', 'cache', 'callback', 'cliconf', 'connection', 'httpapi', 'inventory', 'lookup', 'netconf', 'shell', and 'vars') that support embedded documentation, the controller pre-populates the settings. If you need to populate settings explicitly, use a ``self.set_options()`` call.
```
